Do you remember Andrew Breitbart got killed?
I do remember that.
He got a heart attack.
Exactly.
He was exposing ACORN.
Oh man, I'm totally blanking on our boy these days that does all the... James O'Keefe?
Yeah, O'Keefe.
You know that James O'Keefe got a start with Breitbart on that story exposing ACORN?
And what they did is they sent James O'Keefe and this other female reporter into ACORN.
And O'Keefe pretended to be a pimp.
Well, they asked them for help setting up an underage sex trafficking ring.
And the people at ACORN... I didn't know it was underage.
Yeah, yeah.
They wanted help setting up an underage sex trafficking ring using children from Guatemala or from Central America.
Did they say that in the meeting?
Yeah, yeah.
That was what was on tape.
What?
Yeah.
It blew my mind when I read it.
I was like, what are we talking about right now?
And that's that is the story is that he went in and asked for help setting up a under I don't think he Was like I don't think he was probably using the words like five-year-olds ten-year-olds I assume that he was like implying like 16 years, but I don't know but that's how do you freeze it?
I don't know.
It's not you can't I mean, I can't find those videos anymore.
I've loved I'm sure they're somewhere.
I'm sure that James O'Keefe could tell the story what happened with him and Project Veritas I don't know.
I have no idea.
It's a whole drama fest and I try to stay I mean I usually stay out of the drama in the modern industry because it's like it'll just wait drama.
There's drama inside the drama.
There's drama in every industry.
There's drama in the drama class
But yeah, he went in and asked for help setting up this ring, and they allegedly said, yeah, here's how you do it.
We'll help you, we'll help you, we'll help you.
And that's what the case they brought against Acorn was, before Andrew Breitbart mysteriously died.
And then the coroner that did his autopsy mysteriously died.
That was such a weird one to stumble upon, because I didn't know I was about to stumble upon it.
Everyone should look up anything that I say, always.
People should always just look it up and just start typing things in that I'm saying, and see if you can figure out what you think.
Because I am not an expert.
I'm just a dude that is looking things up.
And I try to be really thorough.
But like, wasn't Breitbart, was it Breitbart or Drudge that was the first victim of these coordinated anti-advertising campaigns?
I'm not sure I know what you mean by that.
Oh, like where advertisers all pull out to try and tank you?
Exactly.
I don't know.
They do it strategically.
I think it was done to both probably, but I don't know.
But I think the first one, the first one that they did it on, I think it was Breitbart.
I think Breitbart was on this like super rapid upward trajectory and they just completely tanked the revenue.
Was it Breitbart or was it, do you remember Jamie?
Who was talking to us about that?
Was it Chase Hughes?
Who was it?
it might have been it is interesting how you can watch out over history the more history you learn the more you get to see where certain strategies like kind of like deep state strategies so to speak or intelligence agency strategies get invented and then they start using it might be mike ben's that would be a mike ben's thing to say for sure he knows this shit yeah okay right bar plus 90 of its advertisers in two months that's what it is yeah who's still there so this was so this is the washington post making it seem like this is a normal thing
Oh look, they lost all their advertising.
People pulled out because they're full of shit.
It's just another frame game.
No, they all coordinated to try to boycott them and kill them.
It's so crazy to have all of these tactics exposed in plain view now, and they still keep trying them.
Did you see the thing that's going around today of the 22 different mainstream news sites all parodying the exact same thing?
Yes.
Well, not just that.
All the Congress people.
Yeah.
Do you see that?
They're all saying the exact same thing.
Yeah, I guess it's Congress people, not news anchors.
No, it's fucking Pelosi and Schumer and all these different people.
There's 12 of them now that they've got saying the exact same script.
Oh, it's more than 12.
Alex Jones had a full 22 on his show, so they kept adding to it.
At first, it was two of them.
They're so dumb.
They all read the same script.
But they use a different tone of voice.
But
Yeah, but then you get into the people they're like the whole world's a stage trust the plan cues in control and it's like Well, then when you see a documentary on cue you realize what kind of people you're dealing with Which documentary do you see it was a really cool HBO thing?
Yeah I don't like trust a documentary like that either cuz like HBO is like that's the definition of mainstream media So I try to say somewhere in the middle of that that is true But I think HBO let this guy uncover this story accurately.
I think I saw I did see the documentary Yeah, it's like a multi-part and it shows all the people that were involved in it and it kind of highlights a guy who seems to be Q who is like kind of an internet shit poster fucking around and When 4chan was in its heyday back when all that shit was going down like it's ripe for that kind of nonsense
Yeah, perfect perfect fertile ground for that kind of like controlled reverse opposition whatever bullshits I ops and that's where for me the bottom line is can I corroborate with primary sources and Q is a definition of No, of course, right It's like what is it a time traveler that's coming back to telling us how to save the world or something?
I don't understand stuff like pizza gate like when they when they have that guy come in and I felt like that was a great way to put a halt to all the looking into the best email that was because then all the sudden it's a kook thing now It's a crazy person and a dangerous person because he's got a gun you're causing dangerous people to take
They're just like with the vaccines.
It's like you're it's a danger.
They always have to make danger Yeah, it's dangerous to say that this might have side effects right those emails exactly right those emails are bananas.
They're not explained They're talking about young kids are going to be coming to a party to have fun They're talking in the pool and I'll be there for sure Sixty-five thousand dollars worth of hot dogs flown from Chicago for a White House party it the whole thing is like very weird Did you ever see the archived Instagram post from James Alphonsus Instagram?
No, that's a dark place So that there's so many layers of pizza gate that they tried to cover up intentionally for very good reason How about the logos?
Well, the thing is I avoid in the way the way I've talked about I've avoided all the symbols and logos and even some of the pizza stuff because I think there's so much more ripe clear evidence that way more powerful and James Alfonso's Instagram account is a great example where we can find online so you cannot find on Instagram anymore It's only been archived on to other sites which is kind of sketchy because it's like how do I know you're not adding photos and stuff so I kind of have to dig and dig and dig and cross-reference over and over and over to make sure that you're getting sort of like the Consensus because everyone watched as it happened So people like Liz Croak and people like Alex like they saw these things come out and that you can't find plenty different archives of all of James Alfonso's Instagram posts and there are things like photos of children with their arms taped to tables and the action is looks like a fun time
And then people that have always been commenting on his posts, like the people that are interacting with his posts all the time, have even weirder Instagrams where it's like a kill room and there's a coffin that's open and things like that.
There's like a photo of like a walk-in freezer and it's like, man, it looks like you've been having a fun weekend.
Things like that that are just super dark and a bunch of babies and a bunch of symbolism, a bunch of children.
And it's all photos on their Instagram in plain daylight.
And it all got scrapped, obviously.
And that's not to mention Podesta's art collection and the Marina Abramovich connections.
It goes on and on and on and on and on.
How do you think they live with themselves at this point when they just lie again and again and we have the internet to expose the lies?
If this isn't 20 years ago when you were on CNN and we couldn't expose things, we can expose it now and they still do it.
Well, I guess I would ask myself, I mean, I lie.
If I'm really cornered or something, I lie.
I really try not to.
I try never to lie on TV.
I don't like lying.
I certainly do it out of weakness or whatever.
How do you think they live with themselves at this point when they just lie again and again and we have the internet to expose the lies?
If this isn't 20 years ago when you were on CNN and we couldn't expose things, we can expose it now and they still do it.
Well, I guess I would ask myself, I mean, I lie.
If I'm really cornered or something, I lie.
I really try not to.
I try never to lie on TV.
I just don't, I don't like lying.
I certainly do it out of weakness or whatever.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
and and
you
so so
So...
So,
you.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and you know, it's, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles.
Cause you know, not that many people die from it.
It's, it's just a big hassle in the end, but no, when, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and.
uh it it's not it's there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it has to be
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
Actually, J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
you
Last night in Little Rock, but made a haze Sweet, sweet Connie, doing her act She had the whole show and that's a natural fact Up all night with Freddie King I got to tell ya, poker's his thing
Ladies, keep me right.
As long as we can make it to the show tonight.
We're an American band.
We come into your town.
We'll help you party it down.
We're an American band.
Tequilas in Omaha.
Waiting for the band to return from the show.
Feeling good, feeling right.
It's Saturday night.
The hotel detective, he was on his side.
Now these fine ladies, they had a plan.
They was out to meet the boys in the band.
They say, come on, dudes.
Let's get on.
And we proceeded to tear that hotel down.
We're an American band.
We're coming to your town.
We'll help you party it down.
We're an American band.
Hey!
We're coming to your town.
We'll help you party it down.
We're an American band.
We're coming to your town.
We'll help you out in town.
We're an American band.
Good evening, good morning, good afternoon, good night, wherever you are on this great little tiny planet of ours.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, the high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It is Rocktober.
And I'm screwing up all my slides and all my fades and all my nothing.
And why did I push that one?
Let's see, I want that and then I wanted this and then yes, that's what I wanted.
Then I can't see what's coming next.
Here we go.
Good morning ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon if you're somewhere in Europe, good evening and good morning, good morning if you're still on the east or the west coast of the United States.
Welcome to the show, this is GigaOM Biological coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in Eastern Standard Time.
Or is it daylight savings?
I don't know.
Who cares?
I know for sure my clocks say 1133 AM, which makes me somewhere between 20 minutes and an hour and 20 minutes late, depending on what schedule you're following.
Maybe you even got a notification today.
We're trying to get this train back running on schedule.
But it's tough.
But this is the right now show.
That means we can pretty much do it whenever we can.
And so we're going to do it right now.
The RFK Jr.
enchantment is starting to crumble.
and those of you who might be still fully engaged in this idea that America is about to come to some realization about the vaccine schedule or public health or health freedom and nutrition,
You're in for a very rude awakening because it's not a 50-50 split.
The vast majority of Americans think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and this whole Maha movement is pretty much a bunch of nuts.
And we're in big trouble.
We're in very big trouble right now because the stage is about to flip.
The scenery's about to change.
And this is a transition that's going to occur over a time horizon, a time scale that's going to be hard to perceive.
But over the next few years, and I mean that, over the next few years, the transition from a 50-50 divide in America that's roughly split between a blue and a red hat team,
is going to vanish and it's going to become increasingly more obvious that it is a small minority of people that they are going to focus their ire on with regard to all
of the recent trials and tribulations that are loosely associated with America and COVID and pandemics and gain of function and bioweapons and national security state objectives, lies about geopolitics, this kind of thing.
It's all one great big imaginary millstone that weighs tons and tons in the minds of many, many
people on earth and that millstone is tied squarely around the neck of the United States of America.
The United States of America is going to be controlled, demolished in the minds of all the humans that are currently using social media in a skillful manner.
the people that are using social media in a skillful manner in the EU will be led to believe that the EU is great and still doing okay while the rampant mixing and immigration that's occurring without real any... I mean, it's just... the project is to destroy.
They had a very nice little community of, you know, 13 or 14 countries with 13 or 14 currencies.
And now they have one currency, they have one bureaucracy that's completely unaccountable to any of the citizens of that entire system.
And what that EU bureaucracy does is essentially regulating the individual nations out of existence.
And it's just inexplainable that we have someone as treacherous and awful and publicly unappealing as that German woman at the head of the EU for as long as she's been.
It's absolutely absurd that we have somebody like Mark Rutte at the head of NATO.
This guy is nothing more than an elaborate puppet who comes from a tiny little country run by
by large money for a very long time.
The Netherlands was one of the cornerstone countries in the formation of the EU, was critical in their gratifying of the EU treaty, basically brought it into existence, and their country alone could have ended any real, genuine EU coming into existence.
And Pim Fortuyn in the Netherlands was killed because he didn't want to join the Euro, he didn't want to join the EU.
And they tell you in the Netherlands that some kind of animal rights activist shot Pim Fortuyn, and we know that's not true, but that animal rights activist is now free in the Netherlands, he's just a citizen who rides the train now.
But he shot and killed a politician in the Netherlands and basically allowed the EU to come into formation.
That's how close they were at one point to avoiding the trap that they are now in, where somehow or another, a completely unaccountable bureaucracy is destroying all of their countries at once.
And so it's still very likely that something like that is going to come into existence in North America in the form of an Amero, in the form of a North American trade union or a North American union in general.
That could be for a wide variety of reasons, maybe because some of the states in America start to break down from
with lack of civil order.
Maybe because Canada collapses, maybe because Mexico becomes a lawless state.
There are lots of different ways that this kind of dissolving of national borders and making individual nations irrelevant could be done.
And it is being done.
And so while we are arguing about who killed who, or who didn't kill who, or who got shot from which direction,
These plans are going ahead as scheduled on time frames that are almost invisible on social media's time frame.
And that's really the reason why I think as much as I want to teach the biology on my stream, I think I have to focus on getting that book done and out.
Because right now the main message that we only have really one more chance to get out is that, that
It's kind of like the Dune message, you know, the idea that if men turn over their decisions to machines, then in reality what you do is you turn over your decisions to other men with machines.
And once we start allowing social media to play a significant role in determining how we
go about our daily business, how we interpret our world, how we vote, how we think, how we teach our children, choices that we make, then we have surrendered our sovereignty to other men with machines.
And we have to pull back from this reality, we really do.
And that's going to mean some very hard choices.
It's going to mean everybody getting off of social media.
It may even mean that everybody's going to have to get rid of the phone in the way that they use it.
Um, you may just have to strip your phone down to the very, very basics and have an app free phone.
I don't even know how possible that is, but I do know that potentially a great big market could be created for such a device.
Um,
I think all of these things are really important to discuss as we move forward in the future.
And the most important thing is to start discussing these things with our children so that we make these plans together as a team, as a community, so that we build the future that we want rather than accepting the futures, one of the futures that social media offers us.
the bad one or the really bad one.
That's really the kind of sort of acquiescence that we have to stop.
Apathy is what's gonna break this more than anything else right now.
I'll say one other thing about Tylenol, only because of this.
This morning before I came in here, somebody showed me a TikTok video of a pregnant woman, eight months pregnant.
She is an associate.
What time is it?
Holy cow.
Sorry about that.
I blew that one.
I'll say one other thing about Tylenol, only because of this.
This morning before I came in here, somebody showed me a. So I thought I'd start with this video because I think this video allows me to make a point.
This video, I think, is a PBS News video, but it's not a video that they used in their main broadcast.
It's a video that they put up on their website.
which again allows the natural, natural programming of YouTube to offer this video to people who will want to watch it and not offer it to people who aren't interested in Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And they can discern that pretty readily with just the previous click history of users, especially those who have actually registered and signed in.
And so,
This might seem like the forwarding of information and the unbelievable access that we have to all of the things that people say and do in Congress and in our government, but what it actually represents is a fire hose through which you can see what you want to see, but more importantly, the military-industrial complex can show you what it wants to show you.
And in this case, the military-industrial complex is trying to control, demolish America by
creating a fractionization of our national identity in the youth and in the old and in the middle-aged and in our kids.
The idea is to make us ashamed of our country, to make us confused about it, to make us not understand it, to make us not believe in it.
And to a large extent, that may have already been accomplished.
But right now, the stage that we're at is still one of inaction.
It's still one of bewilderment.
It's still one where everybody's so shocked.
Still, again, shocked on a time scale that's not social media shocked.
It's not home alone shocked.
It's how you feel every day when you wake up in the morning and how you feel as you move through your day, how you feel right before you open your phone or right before you check your email.
That is,
the state of stress that they've created in a lot of people.
And now I will admit, I don't feel particularly good when I wake up every morning and think about the country that we live in and the people that we're surrounded by, but not because I have any particular spite for them, but because I see us as trapped.
I see us as confused.
And I see that as a very dangerous state for all of us to be in.
but I don't see it as something that can't be reversed.
I don't see it as something that isn't also an opportunity for us, an opportunity for the good guys to pull our heads out and come to a collective realization that we have been completely fooled by our skilled use of social media into believing that that guy is a real dude, that that guy is a real dude, that that guy isn't or is a real dude.
And that's the real magic of it, right?
Because most people on the left would agree that he's a real guy.
They might not like him, but they would probably not argue that he's smart or that he's sitting there and he's rich for a reason.
Same with this guy.
Very, very few people on the left are going to say that this is just an outright scripted fraud.
And very few people on the right would say that this guy is a scripted fraud.
But what if, in reality, they're all scripted frauds?
They're all sitting in those chairs knowing that they're performing.
And they are performing a very, very big service to the people above them in the hierarchy.
Because it's like a prerequisite before you pass on to the level that Obama is now at.
And this, I think, is the real extraordinary thing to see here, that there is no... there is no... real thing that we see on social media.
There just simply isn't.
There is this theater that's being performed, and once you see it as a theater, all of their mannerisms make sense.
and once you see it as some people have been brought on stage long ago and they don't even understand it anymore they just think that this is the way the machine works and they're happy to be a part of it you know like somebody who gets to do a commercial for a toothpaste
After they've been an actor with a SAG card for 10 years and then they finally get a national commercial.
They don't care if it's a toothpaste they use or not.
It could be a toothpaste that tastes like cinnamon and they could think cinnamon tastes like the worst taste ever.
And they would do that commercial.
Because for their whole life they have wanted to be an actor.
They have wanted to be the center of the theater.
And they understand theater is just, you know, it's a stage that you get on.
Just like playing in a high school basketball game is a stage that you get on.
And so if you really like that stage and you really like what you do on the stage, then there's no reason to explain why you want to dedicate a serious amount of your time to playing basketball in the hopes of maybe getting a scholarship or even being an NBA player.
And so is it that crazy to think that there are also people who grow up wanting to be a part of a theater?
Wanting to be a part of a governance theater?
Wanting to be a part of a theater once they understand that the theater exists in this manner?
Once they understand that rich people rule that way?
Is it very hard to imagine why they too would want to be a part of that theater?
Demonstrate that they can be useful in that theater.
And then think about all the unwitting people that get sucked up into that theater as secretaries or as aides or as interns that believe these people are real rather than scripted military complex actors.
People on a script that they've trusted for years.
Because that's, again, the part that the Cywar thing with Michael Flynn's book, the Cywar thing with Robert Malone's book, these are not by accident.
We are actually being controlled by scripted actors on social media, many of whom are scripted by the National Security State, because very little is left to chance.
This is not a small potatoes organization here.
This is the country, the government, the military industrial complex that has more or less ruled the globe for quite some time.
So the operation of this machine has not been left to pure chance and the election.
I assure you, now I didn't always think this way, but as a 53 year old man now, after all the experience I've had during COVID and all the experience I've had with people like him, I don't think there's any other conclusion to come to except that we have been governed for quite some time by people on a national security script, acting, playing a role, creating dramas, enacting dramas with predestined outcomes.
with predestined arguments that kind of lead people into a sort of, you know, if everything else is contradictory and this one thing is, it seems to be agreed on by everybody, then everybody subconsciously grabs onto that because it's like your brain is falling in free space in the dark and you reaching out for one handhold and you, as soon as you hear, hold onto a branch, you're going to hold onto it.
And you're gonna hold on as hard as you can because you know you're falling.
And so, from a psychological perspective, what they've done with Donald Trump...
Trump derangement syndrome what they've done with Biden and whether or not he's real or not what they've done with the the the comedy routine that was Kamala Harris is confused people to such an extent that the small tiny little seeming to be logically connected things are the only things that they have to hold on to and So that's what they hold on to
They can be almost sure that something bad is happening in Israel to some people in Gaza.
They can be almost sure of it.
They can be almost sure that Donald Trump is a bad guy, or almost sure that Donald Trump is a good guy.
They can be almost sure that there was a pandemic, because everybody agrees are.
They can be almost sure that the vaccine wasn't always bad, because everything, they can be almost sure that vaccine injuries are quite rare.
Everything else is up for grabs though, because you know, who knows if Charlie Kirk is dead or not.
Who knows if the dollar's really gonna collapse or not.
Are we really in debt?
I don't know.
I mean, it's just hard to tell.
There's nothing, no real good signs.
I mean, is Larry Ellison really as rich as they say?
I don't know.
Elon Musk, I don't know.
This is the heart of the storm right now, the calm.
and we can come together with our neighbors and with our children and we can understand this for the malevolent military industrial theater that it is.
So the whole point here is that
either right it doesn't matter but the best case scenario is this guy has been lied to for his whole life and is fooled and is on a script and isn't sophisticated enough to know how much of a fool he looks like right now and he also believes that tiktok videos are always real
And if there's one TikTok video, then that means that this phenomenon of, you know, professors at medical schools taking heaps of Tylenol while they're pregnant is a very common phenomenon.
the alternative is he is a scripted actor who has been scripted to say that to say that one tick-tock video is evidence of a Larger phenomenon and that's a good way to use social media evidence that social media is a accurate reflection of what's happening in people's minds and also, of course all the other crap that comes along with the the incompetent and and sort of
It's just ridiculous things that this man says no.
And she is saying F Trump and gobbling Tylenol with her baby in her placenta.
And the level of Trump derangement syndrome has now- The baby in her placenta.
So, uh.
Clearly Bobby Kennedy is not a doctor.
political landscapes and it is now in the realm of pathology.
And so Trump Derangement Syndrome, which is exemplified by the view and the cast of The View, is exemplified by Kathy Griffin holding the bloody head of Donald Trump, the Julius Caesar enacted play in New York City, and of course the Snoop Dogg video with the gun with the flag in it.
Trump derangement syndrome was manufactured by a network loosely associated with Jimmy Kimmel, Joe Rogan, Steve Bannon, all of these people that go back decades with Adam Carolla and Dr. Drew and Doug Stanhope.
And so if you really look, you can actually see a network of people that have agreed to kind of have a long-term rivalry
You know, Jimmy Kimmel's got 20 million subscribers on YouTube now as a result of this little, you know, stunt that they pulled.
It's the same crew of people.
They're all playing roles.
He's playing a role.
Millions of years of maternal instinct.
to put her baby in prison.
Millions of years of maternal instinct seems to imply a lot about the time frame of evolution that Bobby knows nothing about because he's just a lawyer.
All you have to do is look at the studies which you and I talked about.
It's not this positive that causes autism.
It's not dispositive to cause autism.
Now why would a lawyer use a lawyer term in a biological context unless he's a dumbass?
More importantly, a scripted dumbass.
He's going to use this word three times and in my humble opinion as
a reasonably well-read American adult, I just don't think that it's very clear what he means here.
Again, because dispositive is not an especially powerful term in the minds of the average American.
And I think that's by scripted choice.
Is it an illusion he's trying to create that he's smarter than you so that you have to look up a word and then try to decide how he's using it?
Or is he a lawyer who's an excellent actor?
scripted to talk meaningless nonsense.
It is so suggestive that anybody who takes stuff during pregnancy, unless they have to, is irresponsible.
There are 15 rodent studies.
Every one of them shows, if you give it to the mother, the babies, and particularly the male babies, have profound neurological and behavioral changes.
There is a study from Johns Hopkins on core blood where they divided women into three categories, those who had the least acidic benefit in their core blood and those who had the most.
The ones with the most had 3.6 times the rate of autism in their children.
The middle category had 2.2 times, so it's a dose-related response.
And there are dozens of studies that show the countries that use the most have the highest level of autism.
It's funny that none of these statistics come out on camera when it matters none of these statistics ever came out when he was in in Congress during any of his interviews when he was asked for these things when people were throwing around papers and none of these papers or none of these studies were he
even remotely well referenced when, for example, Pierre Kory and Steve Kirsch were on stage representing his side against two other clowns that were scripted to be there.
This is all by design.
And what I want to remind you of is why I started this video in the first place.
This is a video that's available in certain corners of the internet.
Even though it's recorded by and posted by PBS NewsHour, only the people who need to see it will see it.
Only the people who need to believe in Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
will see it.
None of the people, that's the magic of it.
Fresh cuts, choice cuts are how they win.
Old videos of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
combined with new videos of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in different combinations to different people allows different groups to come to completely opposite conclusions about the heroin addict brain worm victim, about the businessman rapist, right?
Do you see what's going on here?
This is not by accident.
This is not because the system, you know, people just voted and now we're here.
That's not how this works.
This is not left to chance.
The only reasonable explanation for the amount of incompetence that's currently in front of us is because it's by script.
that have been used, and it has the lowest autism rate in the world.
This is not dispositive.
It is not proof.
We're doing the studies to make the proof.
But in the meantime, the precautionary principle should apply.
And any mother who is taking this stuff during pregnancy just to get back at Donald Trump,
is doing something that is pathological.
And we're seeing that across the board.
I got a lot of other stuff to talk about, but I know we got... We're seeing that across the board.
It's impossible to understate how stupid that statement is.
A short time here, but thank you, Mr. President.
You're making our country healthier again.
Thank you, Bobby.
Could you just say, for the record, state what the autism was, let's say, 20 years ago and what it is today?
was performed, 900,000 kids were looked at.
They were looking for autism in Wisconsin children.
They looked at every child in Wisconsin who was eight years old.
They found an autism rate of 0.7 per 10,000.
So almost one in, close to one in 20,000, less than one in 10,000.
Today, the autism rates are nationally at 131, but it's actually much worse than that, because California, which has the best connection system, reports an autism rate of one in every 19 children, one in every 12.5 boys.
This is a national security issue.
There is nothing more important, and I'm glad, I'm grateful to you, Mr. President, because you know the fact.
The reason why they can sit there like this is because it is a theater.
They know it's not real.
You can't possibly believe this is true and then just kind of be okay about it.
Let's get on with the rest of the agenda.
It's just not congruent.
And this is what I mean.
if what you see in front of you is just not congruent and it's not congruent all the time.
The sky is falling, the sky is falling, next report.
Sky is falling, sky is falling, let's talk to the next person.
Sky is falling, sky is falling, now a word from our sponsor.
The sky is falling, there is a nuclear war coming.
Sky is falling, sky is falling, a word from our sponsor.
If that's the way that you talk
You can't be real.
If you go home to your Hollywood wife, and you go have clams with your friend from childhood, and you go on, you know, doing whatever you do, then you can't believe what you're saying is true.
And the same goes for all of these scripted liars.
It's just impossible to be falling asleep if this is really your job and you are actually in the helm, in the helms room of the frickin' aircraft carrier called the United States of America.
That's just impossible.
That's not what these people are actually doing.
No way in hell.
You take really to talk about this issue.
You've shown courage, and you've shown leadership, and I can't thank you enough for letting me do this work.
Thank you.
So, think of that.
One in 20,000, and now it's one in 12 for boys, one in 18, 19 for girls.
So, obviously, there's something that's artificially, I think, induced, something, whether it's
the vaccines in terms of these massive vaccines that are twice the size of a jar like that, of a glass of water like that, I mean, into a baby's body.
And I've suggested get them in doses, get them in, you know, maybe 20 percent, 30 percent, but smaller, not such a big, I think,
You know that, and we had certain recommendations.
Is he referring to something on the table here?
Is that the size?
Is that what he's talking about?
This size?
Did that just happen?
What in the hell is going on here?
Wait a second.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Did he refer to that thing right there on the table?
Take them separately.
The measles is already.
So obviously there's something.
is something that's artificially, I think, induced something, whether it's the vaccines in terms of these massive vaccines that are twice the size of a jar like that, of a glass of water like that, I mean, into a baby's body.
And I've suggested get them in doses, get them in, you know, maybe 20%.
Can you not see that's just scripted dumb?
There's no fricking way that anybody, that's not, that's just scripted dumb.
And by saying that, in malevolent harmony with Brain Worm over there, we have a really big problem on our hands.
If we can't wake our family and friends up to this clown show now, this is going to go really bad.
What time is it?
Game time!
Wow, I don't know what to say other than it's pretty nutso.
Pretty nutso, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
It's 100% full, of course.
100% full.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection is dumb.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Transfection is a crime and autism is a myth.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, biology is the way.
Welcome to the show.
Giggle and Biological is part of an independent bright web.
I am suggesting it's time to get off social media.
I don't know when it's going to happen for me.
Maybe on Halloween, I'll just stop.
And you can stop with me.
I don't have a Facebook page.
I never had a MySpace page.
I just have my own gigaohmbiological.com.
I have stream.gigaohm.bio and gigaohm.bio.
All things maintained by me or one other person soon to be me as well.
I'm excited.
I have decided to full-on learn this.
I want to learn how to build a PeerTube instance on my own and maintain one so that I can do it for others.
And at that point we're going to start a non-profit and make this happen.
Because we are at a time point when human diversity is at its peak for all time.
there will never be more genetic diversity available again.
So what would you do if you were, I don't know, the head of the technocracy?
If you were part of the Human Genome Project, what would you do?
What would you recommend to the Department of Energy that they do?
On what time scale would these plans be on?
How long would it take you to
to get the plan accepted behind the scenes before you could then enact the plan in real life.
This is one big theater with one big cast and I'm trying to make America real again by helping to establish an independent bright web.
Just one man, one woman shows, maybe one family shows.
This is a one family show.
I've got a wife and three kids that support this work.
And I've got a few big supporters, like three or four people that give more than a couple hundred dollars every month.
And then I've got a bunch of people that give me around 10.
That's like 98, 99 people that do that.
And so that adds up to enough, where I can keep coming on often, if not every day during the week, to say that autism spectrum disorder is a myth, that gain of function and pandemics are myths, and that this is the biology that they ignore.
That biology can set you free, I really think it can, because it's something that they can't really change.
Once you understand the limitations of their model,
The limitations of... Once you understand the limitations of the central dogma, and once you understand the reality of social media, you can show these things to your kids.
And showing the central dogma as being very limited and over-represented or exaggerated in its all-encompassing nature is not something that's going to break your children's
biology teacher, you're not going to wreck their school or anything like that.
You're just going to make them a very challenging student for your biology teacher.
And probably a very enlightening one.
Because all biology teachers should get even more excited if they know that the central dogma is a very limited spectrum of debate.
You have to understand why the cheese is free on social media, ladies and gentlemen.
It's a military weapon.
And the people on social media, many of them work for NATO.
They work for the military.
They work for paramilitary organizations.
They work for private military organizations.
And America needs to stay focused on this fact, because that's how we are being beaten right now.
Because we are taking the bait on social media.
We aren't staying focused on the things we can know, the things we can control.
That's why this exists.
Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
With Tylenol, don't take it.
Don't use Tylenol.
Don't take Tylenol.
Fight like hell not to take it.
I think you shouldn't take it.
Don't take Tylenol.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, biology is the way life is a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time.
Population pyramids are real and they saw this coming.
And sometimes I feel like I'm coming to you from a spaceship, trapped on a spaceship.
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who's ever seen the alien.
I know that's not true, of course, but sometimes it definitely does feel that way.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks for being here.
The captain will check in on us and then we'll be gone.
I thought for a long time as I use social media that if I tweeted the right thing or posted the right thing or sent the right direct message that I could change things.
And I didn't really understand the breadth and the depth of the illusion that it's actually an entire cast
of people performing a theater on social media that's meant to make you believe that something real is happening there.
And more importantly, that a bunch of other people are engaged in making that happen there, when in reality, most of the people that you see on social media aren't real.
And the ones that are, are augmented to be places and in times when they couldn't possibly be all at once.
And so the regular people on social media are absolutely bamboozled by the super users, the ones that, that can, you know, block without being blocked or see without seeing or all these things.
They're all not only possible, but extremely likely because social media is a military weapon.
It's a social control program suite.
And so if you want to seek the truth together with GigaOM Biological, welcome to the show.
Thanks for being here.
This is a message for anyone, but it's not for everybody.
Not everybody can handle the truth, and certainly not this truth, the real truth, about how the internet has been used against us.
Nobody wants to hear it.
The vast majority of people just simply don't want to believe that social media is what it is.
They want to believe that most of it's good.
Most of the people on TV are telling the truth.
Most of the people on social media are just trying to, I don't know, get followers, or get by, or be funny.
And in reality, that is absolutely positively not true.
If that were true, then most of the people in your feed would be people that you knew.
Most of the people in your feed would be people that were in your sports club, or in your PTA, or at your work, etc.
But they're not.
They're random people all around the world with the idea of scrambling everyone into groups that are only visible to them.
meaning them, the people that run social media, the military-industrial complex.
And so, if you want to know the truth about what happened in the last six years, you're gonna first have to understand that that is the primary thing that happened.
that in 2019 they started telling stories behind the scenes that led to a complete capitulation of the social media using public to the narrative of COVID and the pandemic in January of 2020.
A complete capitulation of the entire social media using human planet at the onset of the pandemic.
And as more and the remaining number of people were inevitably going to register for a website, register for social media, and start participating in the lockdowns, we had a forced, coerced, by fear and doubt, conversion to full social media status and full social media use.
many, many people that were never on social media and did not have a social media footprint now do, and it can trace right back to the beginning of the pandemic.
And that is absolutely positively by design.
And in fact, the pandemic would not have happened, could not have lasted as long as it did, nor could they have used it to murder as many people as they did, were it not for that flawless, seamless transition to full acceptance
of skilled use of social media.
Clean up the numbers, the two docs here can clean up the numbers for me, but isn't it something like 95, or it's 99% recovery rate unless you have two other comorbidities, usually diabetes and overweight, and that includes usually people that are over 80?
Did I?
The reason why I play this again, remember, is because we have scripted actors in front of us, four scripted actors in front of us, pretending to have a conversation that doesn't have a structure or a previous set of talking points that they wanna hit.
and instead pretending to be individuals who are, I don't know, coming to some consensus about things that all of the people that will passively view this conversation will likely also come to.
And anything that's contradictory here is part of that falling
It's part of that, I don't have any handholds.
And so what you do, as you listen to this as a passive listener, is you're listening for handholds.
And the handholds, in this case, will be defined by things that these four actors agree on.
That's how the psi-war works.
That's how governance by podcast works.
That's how the enchantment is cast.
that these people, scripted but improvising, pretend to answer questions and come to agreements about things within the disagreements or within the question set that they have agreed on ahead of time to answer.
And any difference in their opinions is just simply part of the metal sphere that they are riding their intellectual motorcycle around inside of.
And we're all supposed to be really impressed because they don't crash into each other and there's a lot of fire on the outside.
That's it.
It's a show.
It's an elaborate theater.
And the point is, is that there are infinite channels.
YouTube has a group of people talking about whatever you want for any answer.
And now you see how it's done because of course that goes year after year after year and these podcast actors can cross stages just like Eric Clapton can do a special guest spot on Goose's tour.
Just like, I don't know, Cheap Trick could have B.B.
King on stage.
But now we have podcast actors that are going and taking their viewers with them to other places.
And so that inevitably you, you hear other music, you're exposed to other artists.
And so if the bluegrass music that, that, that Sam Harris is playing, isn't quite what your, what your tune is, maybe, maybe, I don't know, Barry Weiss is your thing or, or Ben Shapiro, really, if you really like his guitar, whatever it is.
And this is exactly how, and the illusion of a conservative movement, the illusion of a dissident movement, the illusion of a COVID skeptic movement, and the illusion of a health freedom movement was created on the internet because it exists nowhere else.
And so Barry Weiss's very existence is dependent on the internet and a chorus of clowns that agrees that she seems to be relevant.
A chorus of clowns that agrees that her quitting the New York Times in 2020 is a relevant thing.
That the reason why she quit was a relevant thing.
That Twitter played a relevant role in it.
That Twitter is a place where, I don't know, the truth is, but it's kind of censored and so maybe we should try to make it free.
And so I showed you very clearly how Joe Rogan was very, very, very much not the ivermectin and antibodies Joe Rogan in 2019.
He was a bit more like a chameleon and could be as left as he needed to be for a Jewish lesbian and right as he needed to be for somebody else.
And as we went into the pandemic and moved through the pandemic, he did exactly what he was scripted to do.
And as we go forward into 2025, she's doing exactly what she's been scripted to do.
Is it supposed to be frustrating that Barry Weiss is now at CBS?
Is it supposed to feel like unfair or something?
I don't know.
It doesn't matter because if you realize that it's all just a theater, then it doesn't matter whether she goes to CBS or, you know, I don't know, somebody else becomes head of Tesla or it's all dumb.
Who cares?
Let's say Jeff Bezos sold Amazon for $100 billion to some guy named, I don't know, John Travolta.
Would that matter?
Would it change anything?
Should we argue about John Travolta's past or John Travolta's wives or, you know what I mean?
That he was a Scientologist, should that matter?
If they're all just scripted actors pretending to be entrepreneurs or stars or, you know, whatever, they're just actors.
They're not people that have risen through the ranks by merit and intelligence and charm and integrity.
That's how you get ahead at work.
That's how supposedly postdocs get on a tenure track and then get tenure.
That's supposedly how rich people get rich, but it's not.
And it's definitely not how these people got where they are.
It's not how Sam Harris is just not so fricking smart that he can just basically go places and talk and make money.
That's ridiculous.
It's not that Ben Shapiro's just such a good businessman and also great on camera that he's managed to make a media empire for him and his family.
No, that's ridiculous.
And it's not that Joe Rogan is just such a conversationalist that Spotify can make and offer him contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
That's just not reality.
Come on.
And so the only reason why this whole timeline can be shown to you in the way it is, and we're now here where Americans on.
where Americans on the blue side think that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is killing kids and that Donald Trump is destroying America.
But on the right, we think that, I don't know, I guess Israel's kind of in charge in a bad way or a good way, and that it's unfair that this person gets in charge because these people like Israel.
I don't really know if they have an objection to Israel or to Israel's control or foreign governments in general.
It's not very clear.
I think it's something to do with the Jews.
But it's really all very confusing.
The only thing they really agree on is that climate change is real and that nobody needs to talk about opioids and nobody needs to talk about the murder that occurred in 2020, 21, and 22.
Nobody needs to talk about that.
because of Israel and because of MRNA and because of Charlie Kirk and because of, I don't know, climate change and insider trading maybe?
Oh no, they don't talk about that either.
It makes me sad, it does.
Her right wing media outlet.
She is a Jewish lesbian from Pittsburgh
who's 37 years old, but she has a right wing substack.
It's a fricking substack.
Let's just be honest here.
A substack sold for $150 million.
Resigned in 2020 with no details.
We don't need to hear that it had to do with George Floyd.
We don't need to hear it had to do with George Floyd because then we might, you know, an investigative reporter might remind you that Pierre Corey, one of the more prominent anti-vaxxers behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the controversial health and human services secretary, was one of the original medical witnesses that declared that George Floyd died of suffocation and not of overdose, even though he's not certified as a doctor in Minnesota.
I mean, you can imagine a quid pro quo where like, you know, Pierre, you can make some money really quick.
We'll fly you to New York.
You can, you know, pretend like you're doing stuff in New York and in the hospitals and talk about oxygen for us.
And then we'll hook you up with a book deal and we'll get you some extra money because we need somebody to testify for this black dude.
And you can just look at his, you know, medical, look at his medical records for a few hours and charge money and then, you know, write this thing and we'll be good.
It's impossible to understand how it is that Pierre Corey of all people, Ivor Mechtin Corey of all people, you know, 60 liters a minute of oxygen in 2020 in New York City, Corey of all people, you know, on stage with Steve Kirsch and on stage with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and touring the world with
with the international COVID summit of Robert Malone.
It's hard to believe that Pierre Cory, of all doctors in the Midwest, in Minnesota and Wisconsin, that Pierre Cory was the one who was writing a statement, a medical examiner's affidavit or a medical doctor's affidavit for the cause of death of George Floyd in Minnesota while he was in frickin' New York City.
You know, during the big outbreak.
And so, Democracy Now, you know, being the high-end, super journalistic, you know, she's been around for so long, she's got a whole staff, they did all the background, they just say that she resigned from the New York Times in 2020, period.
No other details needed.
It would be a shame
It would be a shame.
You demon.
Sometimes there's gremlins in my setup.
It would be a shame for us to have covered the entire timeline of why this absolute fraud can go from nobody to somebody in about six years.
And then it included a script where censoring me on Twitter or getting mad about what I say on Twitter is enough to make me quit my big cush New York times job.
And we're supposed to believe that she can't get any deeper than that.
It's just a script that she's given and she just READS it!
Silicon Valley venture capitalist and has been widely criticized for its commentary on Gaza, including a piece headlined, The Gaza Famine Myth, which questioned famine conditions in the besieged territory caused by See, now think about how many details they're giving you about this and what kind of things that she published, but they can't tell you about anything about why she resigned or how that might be connected to some
real weird paramilitary operation to make people believe the worst case scenario in COVID.
Remember there were seven months of street protests fueled by that debate.
To which Pierre Cory contributed a legal affidavit.
Stop lying!
No, I'm not lying.
That's the truth, Ruth.
Israel's assault and blockade.
In her new role, Weiss will report to Trump ally, Paramount CEO David Ellison, who took control of Paramount through the merger with his company Skydance Media.
David is the son of one of the richest men in the world, recently declared the richest for a little bit, billionaire Larry Ellison, executive chair of Oracle, who Trump has proposed to make part owner of TikTok.
There are people who have had the benefit of inheriting money that goes back to, you know, like the Dutch East Indies company.
to money that was brought over on ships during the first 50 or 100 years of America's existence, of early businesses established in America's early existence, huge piles of money that were huge back then.
And so if you think for one second that the list of the richest people in the world is a real list and that he is on it, there are igloos for sale in Florida.
The Ellison family is also set to make a bid for CNN's parent company, Warner Bros.
Discovery, which would also include owning, for example, HBO.
This all comes after the parent company of CBS News agreed in June to settle a $20 billion
billion lawsuit brought by Trump, who objected to how CBS's News 60 Minutes edited an interview with Kamala Harris.
Paramount board chair and controlling shareholder Sherry Redstone reportedly sought the settlement to ensure the Federal Communications Commission, the FCC, approved Paramount's bid to merge with Sky Dance Media.
CBS also
canceled the late show with Stephen Colbert, starting next May, after Colbert called the settlement a big, fat bribe.
On all of this, we're joined by David Kleon, columnist for The Nation, contributing editor at Jewish Currents.
His piece for The Guardian is headlined, Disgruntled NYT Journalist Anti-Woke Power Grab, How Far Can Barry Weiss Go?
David, welcome to Democracy Now!
Thanks for joining us from Brooklyn.
Why don't you start off by laying out the Ellison empire and then the significance of them installing Barry Weiss as head of CBS News?
It's really not that significant at all.
In fact, if you don't watch any of their dumb shit that's on Paramount Plus or Comedy Central or any of these other places, then they don't matter at all.
If you're not on the social media where that content is recycled, they don't matter at all.
Now I understand that they matter.
I understand that that is the whole point.
That's part of the script, right?
They need us to get angry about this.
They need us to get upset about it.
They need us to run in this direction.
So first and foremost, stop running.
Just listen.
Well, thanks for having me, Amy.
So Larry Ellison, who briefly, at least, was the richest person in the world in the last month or so, he was at least briefly ahead of Elon Musk.
His son, David Ellison... Exactly.
Arthur in the chat wins the prize for the day because that's what's going to happen.
This entire discussion will never mention Oracle.
Now the reason why Oracle is so important is because the whole damn government is run on Oracle databases and Oracle software.
The whole government... You understand that's a big problem, right?
And so getting all excited about Paramount or buying out Warner Brothers or whatever, who cares?
Larry Ellison is dangerous because the databases that are used
are Oracle products.
Oracle products suck.
Oracle products are horrible.
And yet somehow or another, we have Palantir helping us to sort out that problem in some way.
You see the issue here?
And so I think Arthur in the chat is extremely right.
This is a fricking distraction to make you think that you have to be outraged about Larry Ellison because of Paramount Plus and ABC and CBS and NBC.
And it has nothing to do with any of this shit because nobody watches that anymore.
We're not gonna win by- by getting people to stop watching Outlander reruns.
We're not gonna get- we're not gonna win by- by getting people to, you know, stop their Paramount Plus subscription.
And it doesn't matter if the Paramount Plus subscription goes to the same guy that the other one goes- that the ESPN subscription goes- cares!
He owns all the databases of the U.S.
government.
Thompson isless is known about him, but he's a rising power in media.
He founded Skydance, which is now merged with Paramount.
Paramount, in addition to Paramount Hollywood Studios, owns CBS, obviously.
It owns Viacom, which is Comedy Central and MTV.
So, it's a huge empire.
And by all reports, Allison is currently looking to acquire Warner Bros.
and Discovery, which would give him control of CNN and HBO.
So, we're talking about an
unprecedented level of media consolidation by an unprecedented level of wealth.
Larry Ellison is a known Trump supporter.
David Ellison is at least suspected to be.
And both are known to be extremely fervent supporters of Israel.
And David Ellison has gotten very close with Barry Weiss, who is very well known for being a fervent supporter of Israel, going back to her days at Columbia University 20 years ago, where she and I were both undergraduates at the same time.
And where she gained a national reputation, even as an undergraduate, for campaigns she was running against Arab and Muslim professors there, who she and other students saw as too critical of Israel and as ideologically motivated in the classroom.
presented herself as a champion of free speech.
And I would say that her publication, The Free Press, claims to be centrally founded around free speech.
But in reality, she has a 20-year history of suppressing speech that she finds objectionable, especially when it's speech championing the rights of Palestinians and criticizing the state of Israel.
And The Free Press has been centrally involved in that.
So, with her becoming not so much the formal head of CBS News as Ellison's kind of personal enforcer outside the normal chain of command within the organization,
It remains to be seen what she'll actually do, but many people, including me, are concerned that she will enforce a right-leaning ideology on the whole network, and probably particularly on Israel coverage, where CBS has sometimes gone outside the bounds of what someone like Weiss would approve of, or, for that matter, what Cherry Redstone, the previous owner, had approved of.
And could you talk about the free press?
Most people around the country have never heard of it.
Is it worth anywhere near $150 million that Skydance is paying for it?
A hundred and fifty million, I think almost anyone would agree, is a very, very steep valuation.
The Free Press was founded as a substack called Common Sense by Barry Weiss and her wife, Nellie Bowles, and her sister, Susie Weiss, in, I believe, 2021, the year after Weiss resigned the New York Timesresigned from the New York Times after the forced resignation of opinion editor James Bennett, which
media-savvy people may recall, was over an op-ed that Bennett published by Senator Tom Cotton calling for military force against Black Lives Matter demonstrators.
Weiss left in a public resignation letter saying that The Times was censorious and a hostile work environment.
And she created the common sense initially as a place Whyis that him, Eli?
I guess that's him.
I don't know why that's there.
OK.
It was a place to sort of run letters by, you know, disgruntled private school parents about their kids' curriculums and stuff like that.
But, very quickly, it becameit attracted support from venture capitalists like Marc Andreessen and David Sachs in Silicon Valley, who are OpenTrump supporters.
And it was rebranded as the Free Press, and it attracted a staff of, I believe, something like 40 or 50 people now.
40 or 50 people on staff of a sub stack.
Stop lying.
No, really.
He just said 40 or 50 people on staff of a sub stack.
Stop lying.
And, and so it's exactly the same as these podcasts, like the diary of a CEO who admitted the other day that they have 50 employees.
But it's just some dude sitting at a table with some other dude and they just talk about shit.
What do they need 50 employees for?
What am I doing here all by myself in the back of my garage?
What chance do I stand?
In my mind, I think I stand a pretty good chance because I can claim that I don't have 50 staff because I don't.
I can claim that I do all the work and all the reading and all the note taking on my own because I do.
I can claim that I use my 30 years of expertise that includes 20 years in academia as a neurobiologist that includes a Nobel Prize winning lab.
And I can use all of that experience and apply it to current events, especially as regard to any kind of science communication that's necessary.
And I can potentially make people like Dave Farina into the frauds that they actually are, because science communication and communicator is not a thing.
Science communicator means script reader, just like podcaster means script reader.
And I'm not a podcaster, I'm a broadcaster.
I turn on and I start talking.
And it is my expertise on which I rely.
It is my previous experience on which I rely.
And it is my online real-time thinking that I rely on, not a script, not a meeting I've had 20 minutes before with my handlers, not a meeting that I've had all week with my staff of 40 people.
This is the result of a career being lost.
This is a result of a truth being found, despite having come in contact with all of the people, all of the people behind the fake health freedom movement.
I've talked to all of them face to face, and they've all lied to me.
Wittingly or unwittingly, these people are all part of an elaborate illusion that is part of the controlled demolition of America.
He doesn't have to know.
I guarantee you that lady on Democracy Now doesn't have to know.
They just have to believe.
And because they are probably surrounded behind the scenes by 40 people, some of whom could easily be scripted actors from the deep state, from the military industrial complex.
How can she know better?
She doesn't have the requisite biology to understand that the pandemic was an illusion.
The only thing she knows for sure is that everybody seems to agree there was one.
And social media is never going to let her meet us.
These people are just as shielded from the truth as we are shielded from the truth getting out.
Brett Weinstein doesn't know how thin of ice he's standing on.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
doesn't know that half the country thinks he's an idiot.
And he doesn't care because he's been told by the people around him that that's a sign that he's right.
Just like Donald Trump is being told that women on TikTok are taking handfuls of Tylenol and saying F Trump because the Trump derangement syndrome has gone that pathological.
If you log off right now, all of this goes away.
That's a real publication.
Publicly, it's supposed to have around 170,000 paid subscribers and nearly 10 times that many.
170,000 paid subscribers.
Just do the math if she's even got $5 a month from them.
170,000 paid subscribers, even if she only gets $5 a month.
That's what you call money laundering, ladies and gentlemen.
Robert Malone is doing the same thing.
Pierre Kory's doing the same thing.
Jessica Hockett's doing the same thing.
Jessica Rose is doing the same thing.
It's money laundering because it isn't 170,000 dumb individuals who all gave their credit card.
It is the malevolent use of social media to put Barry Weiss in front of every possible sucker on the internet so that 170,000 suckers would be paying her.
That didn't happen because the internet algorithms just kind of make things happen.
It happened because it was programmed to happen that way.
And if it wouldn't have happened one way, it would have happened another way.
And they would have gotten the same place that they want to be right now, which is reporting this as ridiculous.
Or maybe it's not ridiculous.
Also, 170,000 paid subscribers or they're free subscribers?
That's not very clear to me.
or the bulwark, that are very ideologically different from Weiss's.
But the Free Press has been, I think, incredibly successful, but $150 million valuation is something else.
People have run the numbers, and it's highly unlikely that the site's organic subscriber base could justify that.
And given that the Ellisons have, for all intents and purposes, infinite money and 150 million is pocket change for them, it's widely understood, I think, or should be widely understood that this is an ideological power play by them.
This is about turning Barry Weiss into it's about elevating her political ideology over one of the most important.
And so what you are supposed to believe is one of two things, according to these people, either
The entire American government and the American apparatus is controlled by people with money.
Because if you're rich enough where $150 is pocket change, then you can control people.
That's for sure.
And you can buy an awful lot of puppets.
You can pay an awful lot of actors.
You can script an awful lot of podcasts.
And it's just, it's pocket change.
And now you understand the magic that happened in 2020, 2021, 2022 for what amounts to pocket change.
The military industrial complex was able to populate the internet with a bunch of people.
Now there are some people that they have, you know, special donors and stuff like that.
And so it sounds like they're even more creepy, but that's the illusion.
You know, Charlie Kirk was getting donations from this person or that person, and Larry Ellison's this rich, and la-la-la-la-la.
And so, there are all these details that seem to make it seem like these guys are the real Scooby-Doo villains, but they're not.
It is the chorus that's behind the scene.
That's why I have that picture with Rogan at the top and all the little guys at the bottom, because all the little guys are who get ya.
All the podcasts with only 10,000 subscribers are the ones that get you because you don't realize that they can have hundreds of those people that will inspire unwittingly hundreds of other people.
And collectively, because the algorithm is weighted to the scripted, it sure seems like there's an illusion of consensus that the scripted are right about.
because a certain percentage of the unwitting will go along with it because you've seen those psychological experiments before.
And so we are at a very dangerous precipice right now and the only way is to back away from it.
Step backwards and get off of social media.
And of course, you're talking about a news organization that had such a luminaries of them.
Unbelievable.
Look at that.
$880 billion Oracle is worth.
And these silly shits are talking about Paramount Plus.
media as Walter Cronkite, Mike Wallace, Edward R. Murrow, Fred Friendly.
What's your sense of what the reporters in CBS are thinking these days?
Well, there have been numerous reports, always anonymously sourced, in which long-time CBS News insiders express panic and alarm.
The general perception, some of it is ideological.
Some of them think that, you know, Weiss is a propagandist, which he certainly is.
I'm not sure what's going on, but yesterday there were jet planes, like fighter jets, flying over the house all frickin' day, and it sounds like they're doing it again.
It just didn't pairs.
I don't know why, but there are a lot of fighter jets flying over my house in the last day.
And today it sounds like it's happening again.
Okay, I'm just gonna keep going.
I got a lot of work to do here.
We're gonna dive straight in with our main story tonight, which concerns CBS News, one of the most trusted names in American journalism.
It gave us Edward R. Murrow's harvest of shame, Walter Cronkite delivering the news of JFK's assassination, and of course, this.
In recent months, a kind of underground fashion has spread among marijuana smokers.
It involves the fancy paper used to roll the joints, as they're sometimes called.
Cigarette papers manufactured in this country, France, Mexico, and Spain, now amount to big business.
Mainly because of the boom in grass, pot, tea, Mary Jane, reapers, giggle grass, or marijuana.
Wow.
Someone really did their research into weed synonyms back then.
I just wish he'd kept going.
Gigglegrass, Bongweed, Powerflower, Magic Cabbage, Lucifer's Lettuce, Smokey Dokey, Whizzle Bizzle, and of course, checking in at the Blitz Carlton.
Specifically, we're gonna talk about CBS' parent company, Paramount, and its recent merger with Skydance Media, a deal largely powered by the money of Larry Ellison, one of the richest men on Earth, and notable Trump supporter, with the company now run by his son, David, a man with resting, just checked into the White Lotus face.
There are already some worrying signs regarding what this takeover might mean for CBS News in particular, starting with the fact that this guy is thrilled about it.
I think ABC is very bad.
I think NBC is very bad.
And CBS has a new owner, so we have hope for CBS.
CBS has a great new owner, my opinion.
Yeah, it is never a great sign when Donald Trump, seen here fresh from a trip to Sephora to color match his hair to his skin, loves a management decision that you've made.
But he does have a lot to be happy about in order to have Skydance to get its merger approved by Brendan Carr's FCC.
It committed to adopt measures that can root out the bias that is undermining- Now, you don't like him.
Maybe you don't think anybody likes him, but he gets a million views in less than eight hours on YouTube.
And there isn't anybody in the health freedom movement that even gets 100,000 views in the first eight hours of any video they ever produce, put up, or are featured in.
I need you to see this.
It doesn't matter what cat herder you look at on the left, what cat herder you look at in the center, you will find millions of followers.
And it doesn't matter what cat herder you look at on the right, in the fake health freedom movement, you will find tens of thousands, and that is it.
Because it is an illusion.
And it is not a 50-50.
There is no truth that is getting out.
You are trapped in a hamster wheel and it is time to get you and your family out and realize that Donald Trump and his act over the last 12 years has been exactly that, an act done on behalf of Hillary Clinton and the rest of the same group of shitheads.
That's why they went to each other's weddings.
and trust in the national news media.
One of those measures was installing this former conservative think tank CEO as CBS News' new ombudsman.
But this Monday, Addison took a much bigger step.
A major shift in the landscape of TV news.
Paramount Skydance announcing that they've made Barry Weiss editor-in-chief of CBS News and acquired her online news and commentary organization, The Free Press.
She's a registered independent who at one point called herself politically homeless, unrepresented by the two main U.S.
parties.
Okay, first, politically homeless?
Sounds like how you describe Rudy Giuliani's current fashion sense, but...
But it is true.
Paramount has bought the free press for $150 million, and Barry Weiss, its co-founder, will now be setting the editorial strategy, vision, and focus for CBS Morning, CBS Evening News, Face the Nation, and even 60 Minutes.
Also, instead of reporting to the president of CBS News, Weiss will apparently report directly to David Ellison.
And look, if you are not familiar with Barry Weiss, you should know she's a proud contrarian who, in public appearances, will inevitably deliver some version of this pitch.
I confound people because I'm Jewish.
I've always thought I was liberal.
I'm gay.
I'm married to a woman.
Like, that's my life.
You would think that I'm liberal and I would just go along with the flow.
It's like, I look like them.
I think like them.
I eat at the same restaurants, but I don't think all the same things.
And I'm not scared to say- That is a liar.
That is a scripted liar.
And even more, it's a child.
This person doesn't have any real experience except that she went to Columbia University.
That is the extent to her real world experience.
Everything else was handed to her.
Everything else has been scripted.
Everything else has been screened through a publicist.
This is one of the most fraudulent American adults alive.
And she should be the victim of regular rotten vegetable attacks for the rest of her life.
Unfortunately, that's not likely to happen, but this is a scripted clown.
And when I disagree, and I think that's really pissed people off throughout my career.
Okay, first and least importantly, the reboot of Between Two Ferns looks terrible, but that is her basic self.
She's a liberal who's brave enough to disagree with other liberals.
And so now is he going to actually do a journalistic take on this?
Is he gonna critique her?
joke behavior during college where she tried to get Palestinian or Arab professors fired?
Are we going to talk about her ridiculous performance in 2019 on Joe Rogan?
Are we going to talk about her ridiculous resignation from the New York Times in 2020 during the start of the pandemic about something to do with George Floyd?
Are we going to talk about any of that?
I don't know.
It sounds like we're not.
Along the way, she's accumulated admirers from Jeff Bezos to Meghan McCain, and from Amy Coney Barrett to Joe Rogan.
And if you're thinking, wow, that's not a very ideologically broad from and to, yes.
All those people have endorsed her?
That's weird, don't you think?
And it's even weirder that instead of telling a reasonable story about her ridiculous rise to prominence, he's actually just telling you what the script wants you to know.
starting to catch on because there are times where she's a little more explicit about what she believes, like when she gave a speech to the Conservative Federalist Society featuring this fun joke.
I'm a gay woman who is moderately pro-choice.
I know that there are some people in this room who don't believe that my marriage should have been legal.
What does moderately pro-choice mean?
Why is anyone allowed to say those three words in combination
or two words in combination and not be criticized openly as a buffoon.
Moderately pro-choice?
What does that mean?
And that's okay, because we're all Americans who want lower taxes.
And you can almost hear that room unclench after she basically says, I know you think I deserve fewer rights, but don't worry, besties, we're still chill.
And while that is obviously framed as a joke, it's also a setup to her saying in all seriousness... The laughter is really fake.
I don't get the jokes.
I don't even see what's funny here.
And so it's really remarkable that they are so timing the laughter that it goes quiet, goes loud, goes quiet.
It's clearly fake.
This is...
the illusion of consensus.
The laugh track is the illusion of consensus.
The bots on social media are the illusion of consensus.
The programming so that everybody sees what needs to be seen is an illusion.
I am here because I know that in the fight for the West, who my allies really are, and she goes on to say, among other things, the wave of so-called progressive prosecutors has proven to be an immensely bad thing for law and order.
And I've got to say, for someone who claims they are politically homeless, she sure seems awfully at home in that room.
And look, this isn't the first time.
An outsider billionaire has tried thumbing the scale of a news organization.
We've seen Jeff Bezos increasingly meddle with the Washington Post, and Patrick Soon-Shiong do the same at the LA Times.
But this figure... What?
Wait, what?
Patrick Shoo-Song is the owner of the New York Times?
The guy that, like, runs the Wimber Cancer Institute?
The one that Robert Malone started?
Like, that's weird.
I didn't know that.
Where have I been?
like the most sweeping change yet, and at one of the few remaining prestige names in news.
And if one person has suddenly been handed this much power over a whole news organization, it is worth knowing who that one person is.
So tonight, let's take a look at- Let me just give you an example, though, of why this is not as scary as you think.
If you gave me control of an aircraft carrier, would I know what to do?
Would I know what orders to give?
Would I know what it's capable of?
Would I know how to use its crew effectively?
Would I know how to orchestrate its function in the way that optimizes its performance?
Barry Weiss doesn't have any experience doing anything.
She's been given everything she was given, including a staff of 40 people, including $150 million.
It's all fake.
Just like Jay Bhattacharya does not have the requisite knowledge or career experience to run the NIH.
He doesn't have the requisite knowledge to have a vision for what the NIH might do as a biology or as a chemistry or as a physics vision.
He doesn't have any of that.
He's just a clown.
And so it is impossible that we are here.
It is impossible that this guy is real because he's not reporting Barry Weiss as the fraud that she is.
She's reporting her as the significant person that she isn't.
The powerful person sitting in a powerful chair, no telling what she'll do, is all part of the narrative.
But that's gotta be bullshit.
Who would listen to her?
Who would work for her?
If you had a career at CBS News and a nest egg, and you were 5 years or 10 years from retirement, would you work for her or would you just quit?
Move on to other things?
Retire early?
Like this just doesn't make any sense.
Just like it doesn't make any sense that Donald Trump is running anything right now.
That's just not possible.
He just moves from room to room and pretends like it.
They are all the mouse at Chuck E. Cheese.
So then what could she possibly do?
If I'm not a sailor, I don't know anything about guns, I don't know anything about ships or navigation, I don't know anything about how pilots work, or how the deck crew coordinates takeoffs and landings.
If I don't know anything about what a U.S.
aircraft carrier is capable of doing, then putting me in charge of it won't really matter.
And in fact, the people of the aircraft carrier could make me feel like I was doing a great job, and I would never know.
I could be sitting at the bridge of the aircraft carrier with my big frickin' hat on, and everybody could say, yes, sir, and no, sir, and yes, sir, and wow, sir, what should we do next, sir?
And it could really feel like I was in charge, and they could all be laughing.
I'm just going on doing what they do.
Because the executive officer knows what's up.
And the executive officer has been briefed.
Make sure you make Barry feel like she's important.
Make sure that you tell everybody that asks that Barry Weiss is in charge.
Make sure you tell everybody on the script that Barry Weiss is in charge.
And make sure that they make a big deal about it.
I win.
Checkmate.
That is true.
She didn't come up through the news side of a newspaper, but through the opinion pages, which are a very different thing.
She really made a name for herself after she was hired by the op-ed page for the New York Times in 2017.
And to hear her tell it... Think about what he is saying.
This is the truth.
She was hired as an opinion writer?
This little vapid lesbian Jew child was hired by the New York Times as an opinion writer.
Did she send in an application?
Is that how that works?
Opinion writer wanted?
Stop lying!
It's such a stupid story, it's kind of funny that he tells it like it's the truth.
It was for a pretty simple reason.
To put it bluntly, I was brought in, along with Bret Stephens from the Wall Street Journal, as a kind of intellectual diversity hire.
My job explicitly was to bring in voices that wouldn't otherwise naturally appear in The New York Times, either because other editors wouldn't think to commission them, or the writers themselves would think, you know, The New York Times would never accept me.
Yeah, she was apparently tasked with finding voices that the Times op-ed page would never accept, which is already a big claim, given that before she got hired there, it published op-eds from, and this is true, Muammar Gaddafi and Vladimir Putin.
If the Times had been around in the 15th century, I'm guessing it would have given an opinion piece to Vlad the Impaler.
Drinking the blood of my enemies isn't disgusting, it's beautiful and courageous.
In any case, White started getting attention at the Times for writing provocative pieces like this one, in which he argued that the left had gone too far in policing cultural appropriation.
This one, a largely sympathetic profile of the intellectual dark web.
Meet the Renegades of the Intellectual Dark Web.
And by the way, here's a picture of it in case you want to Google it and check it out.
And he's providing it for you.
How do you like that one?
A million people saw this
in the last 24 hours, a million people already saw it.
She promoted the intellectual dark web.
Meet the renegades of the intellectual dark web.
Are you seeing it yet?
It's all one stupid malevolent show.
They're all actors associated with Joe Rogan and the Weinsteins because their dad has been associated with this bullshit back since the Lidomide and back since Senator Keefofer.
That dude who died.
Now he mentions Ben Shapiro and oh my gosh, really?
there was actually a well-known hoax site, which is pretty embarrassing.
You don't expect a Times writer to fall for online hoaxes like they're your 75-year-old aunt on Facebook who keeps posting that message saying, I hereby state that I do not give my permission to use any of my personal data or photos.
So that was pretty hard to hear, but she retweeted, now this is already making Twitter relevant, retweeted an Antifa organization Twitter account that was supposedly known to be fraudulent.
But of course that's the fifth generation warfare at its finest.
Half the people know it's fraudulent, the other half thinks it's real because the conservative right-wing opinion writer in the New York Times promoted it.
Do you see it?
And instead of realizing that this is the theater,
that his opposition to, his incredulous reaction to her rise is exactly the theater that you're supposed to get engaged in and not understand that she is just as scripted and just as dumb and just as clueless as to what's to come next as John Oliver is.
That is fake, Linda.
Also, why would anybody steal your photos?
You exclusively post pictures of your elderly cat.
You're going to be fine.
But things came to a head in 2020 after The Times ran this infamous Tom Cotton op-ed.
in which he argued that the U.S.
should send federal troops into cities to tamp down protests against police violence.
A lot of staffers at The Times argued that it shouldn't have published that editorial, and Barry Weiss wrote a series of tweets about a supposedly heated staff meeting, characterizing it as a civil war between the mostly young wokes...
and the mostly 40 and up liberals.
That claim was strongly disputed by others at the paper, with one editor saying, I'm in the same meeting.
And this all happened on Twitter, which again, according to John Oliver, makes Twitter extremely relevant as a political and social tool and a social place, a forum, where real things happen.
Stop lying!
That is the illusion.
So Barry Weiss was scripted to do it.
And a lot of other people were scripted to do it.
And a lot of other people made millions of dollars on controversies on X that have led to vast amounts of wealth just to make social media seem relevant.
And this is just yet another example.
And he's just retelling the story.
Beat for beat.
I think that Barry appears to be live tweeting.
This is inaccurate in both characterizations.
It's not a civil war, it's an editorial conversation, and it's not breaking down a long generational line.
So, to be fair, it seems Barry Weiss does have some reporting experience, specifically trying to report what was happening in a meeting, only to have her own co-workers say, hey, what the fuck are you talking about?
Now, shortly after that, she resigned, posting a lengthy resignation letter to her.
You will also notice that all of these adult, internet-based, podcast-type organizations are now all going to the F-word.
They all use it.
They all use Jesus Christ out loud regularly, but they all use the F-word.
And it's not considered improper.
It's okay.
And I get, I get all kinds of shit from everybody that listens to my show because I use S-H-I-T regularly, or I use the word bullshit regularly, or shithead.
But these people use the F word regularly with millions of followers and nobody cares because that is the way we're going.
We're going to destroy American culture.
We're going to undermine it.
We're going to make ourselves all ashamed of it.
Instead of trying to elevate it, instead of trying to make America real again, we're going to control to demolish it with actors pretending to be.
A website claiming that her forays into wrong think had made her the subject of constant bullying by colleagues who disagree with my views.
And she now tells the story of that letter in some pretty self-mythologizing terms.
I thought to myself, I have a choice to make.
I can stay.
And in where I lived on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, Seinfeld Territory, telling people you worked at the New York Times really meant something.
Got you a good table at a good restaurant, among other things.
And it meant a lot to me, because I felt like, wow, I made it.
Or I could leave, and I could give up the prestige, give up the platform, have no plan for what I'm doing next, but leave with my integrity.
So I left with a
resignation letters.
It just doesn't make any sense because it's not, it's not clear even what she really believes.
I got fired.
I didn't resign.
And what did I get fired for for speaking out about a transfection technology being relabeled as an investigative vaccine?
I can explain it pretty succinctly.
It is corroborated by my career, corroborated by six years of podcasting, corroborated by a misrepresentation in the acknowledgements of Robert F. Kennedy's book, The Wuhan Covered Up.
And it is, and it is backed up by six years of pay stub or six months of pay stubs from the shitty organization called Children's Health Defense.
I can lay it out very clearly.
The only thing that she can do is point to you a couple events that happened on the script and then try to gloss over the time in between as much as possible.
When in reality, there was no struggle.
There was only a script.
Had a lot of waiting in between key events because otherwise it doesn't work.
These are scripted frauds.
They are the worst Americans alive.
Barry Weiss is just an ugly piece of garbage.
It's awful.
Sort of heard round the world.
Uh, it was my Jerry Maguire moment.
Okay.
Self-aggrandizing bullshit aside, let's not reduce the Upper West Side to just Seinfeld territory.
It's the site of many other cultural touchdowns, like You've Got Mail, Will & Grace, and that time the night before the Macy's parade when Balloon Spider-Man made an absolute meal out of Uncle Sam's ass.
My point is, the Upper West Side is more than just one thing.
Anyway, she quickly launched her own publication, first as a substack called Common Sense, and later as a full-blown media company, The Free Press.
Its first motto was, honest news for sane people, which feels scientifically engineered to trigger an eye roll.
Here she is, not long after starting it, making her pitch.
I want to create the media company where people can go for the best podcasts, the best reporting, the best analysis, basically combining the blue chip high quality of the old media landscape with the punk energy of the new political realignment.
I mean, that is how stupid this is.
And that is now called a right-wing media outlet and reported to have sold for $150 million.
And he's reporting it that way as well.
even though he's a comedian, he can tell the truth.
He's not really telling you the truth, he's just telling you the other side of the narrative.
It's one metal sphere, and inside these little motorcycles are riding around, and they're not actually going anywhere, and they're not actually taking any risks at all.
They're just three people that don't get dizzy as they keep lying in circles.
OK, first, it is pretty hard to claim you've got punk energy when you essentially spout conservative talking points while dressed like the front desk manager at a Courtyard Marriott.
I, for one, do not trust the punk bona fides of anyone wearing an Ann Taylor collarless silk blouse.
But it turns out, like most punk rock things, the free press was quickly bankrolled by a string of reactionary billionaires like venture capitalist Marc Andreessen and David Saxon in the five years since.
And so.
Any substack or press organization that gets bankrolled by billionaires is by definition not a real grassroots press organization, would never be a part of the independent bright web, and is the exact antithesis of what I am, what my family represents, what GigaOM Biological LLC represents, which is a sole proprietorship in Pennsylvania,
run by one biologist or two biologists, because you can count my wife.
And so that's it.
That's the reality of it.
You can follow billionaires.
You can follow mainstream millionaires.
You can follow anyone you want on social media.
And there are very few people like me.
Very few people like me in the back of my garage with my own equipment that I got off of Craigslist or out of a garbage can, my own equipment that I'm running, my own show that I'm producing, my own script that I'm making up as I go along, my own talking points that I choose sometimes over coffee with my wife or on a dog walk.
That is what Giga Home Biological is.
And that's not what Joe Rogan is.
That's not what any of these people are.
Any of these people with a book, any of these people with a non-profit called Children's Health Defense or ICANN that was started before the pandemic and rose to prominence, these people are all scripted traitors to our grandchildren.
And I believe they belong in jail.
This guy can't be called a traitor because he's just a scripted actor.
But he is pretending to be much more than that, and that's what makes it so malevolent.
It's grown to roughly 1.5 million readers, although only around 1 in 10 actually pay to subscribe, meaning it generates subscription revenues of about $15 million a year, which isn't nothing, but... $15 million a year on Substack!
I would argue, also not quite enough to justify someone spending $150 million to acquire it, as that is a revenues to valuation ratio that would make Mr. Wonderful start vomiting blood.
Anyway, Weiss has since stalked the free press with staffers who, in some cases, are quick to brag that, like her, they are proud refugees from the mainstream media.
Hey, I'm Lucy.
I'm the social media editor here at the Free Press, and today I'm gonna ask my coworkers the moment they realized they were free pressers.
Olivia, when did you realize that you were a free presser?
Um, when I was reporting for... on President Trump, and they inserted the word racist into the headline.
Okay, so just to be clear, she was apparently reporting for NPR, even though that bleep makes it seem like she used to write for an outlet called the Fuck Whole Times or something.
And the word race... F word again.
Sex reference again.
...was atop a story of hers about public response to Trump saying these four members of Congress, all American citizens, three of whom were born in the US, should go back to the countries they came from.
And I guess if you're not ready to call that racist, the free press might be the place for you.
One of Barry Weiss' go-to lines is that she's only interested in the truth.
In announcing her decision to go to CBS this week, she said, which sounds great.
But watch her articulate the free press' approach to arriving at the truth and see if you can spot a small problem with it.
The identity of our brand is truth-seeking, and our premise is you cannot get to truth in an echo chamber.
The only way that you get to truth is by sitting next to some... This is what makes it so different from any newsroom I've ever worked in.
Sitting next to someone who disagrees with you, you still respect, admire them, and collaborate with them.
I mean... I mean, maybe... That was genuinely funny.
Maybe that is how you do it as an opinion writer, but that is not how you get to truth as a reporter, is it?
You do that by leaving the newsroom and reporting.
That's not saying the only way to hold Henry Kissinger's skull in your hand is by sitting next to someone who disagrees with you.
No, that's not it.
You do that by leaving your desk, breaking into Dick Cheney's house, going into his master bathroom, and taking it out of its jar.
And I'll be honest, there's not a ton of hard journalism on the free press sites.
There's really not much of anything there.
There's usually just a handful of new posts a day, which can even include weird shit like editorial cartoons from David Mamet, the playwright.
And if you're thinking, I didn't realize David Mamet could draw, fun fact, he can't, but...
Don't worry, because that hasn't stopped him from producing cartoons like this one that says, what's the best way to deal with detractors?
With the answer being, a manual for tractors.
Or this one, supposedly about environmentalism, that just says, shoving eggs up the tushies of chickens.
Or this one of an autobiography by Kermit the Frog with a blurb that says, ribbiting, which, I'm worried, might be too funny.
There are also a ton of first-person clickbait essays with titles like, I can explain why the Nazi salute is back.
I criticized BLM, then I was fired.
I took religion out of Christmas, I regret it.
I want people to have more kids, does that make me far right?
I was called an inbred swine at Princeton last night.
I'm 17 and I'm immunized from woke politics.
My family was hunted by Nazis, but I was fired for defending Hitler.
My husband wants to be cremated, I'd ignore his dying wish.
And I used to hate Trump, now I'm a maggot lefty.
At this point, it feels like we're just two weeks away
from them posting an article titled, I dressed my dead wife up as Hitler for her funeral, and now her woke family is mad at me.
And look, if you go to the homepage of the free press, it might not immediately read as a... Now, I think that it's nice what just was put in the chat there.
What you see here is a lot of sound and fury.
It is an incredibly vigorous argument about Barry Weiss and about the relevance of her and what she's gonna do and what CBS can do and what Barry...
Larry Ellison or his son's gonna do, and whether the free press is bad or good, and we're learning all kinds of things about something that we don't know anything, we don't need to know anything about.
It could just be left to be irrelevant.
And it's only really relevant to the suckers that are still paying money every month to the free press, right?
That's the only person that it would ever be relevant to, the person that actually thought that they should give money to that person.
Very few people that have subscribed to GigaOMBiological at GigaOMBiological.com have regretted it.
And the ones that have actually believe that Joe Rogan is a truth teller, actually believe that Alex Jones is a truth teller, and I'm wrong about both of those guys.
Those are the subscribers that I've lost in the last couple weeks.
That's it.
Everybody else seems to be in for the long run.
Even the people that are giving hundreds of dollars a month have not wavered.
And it is because we are fighting for something real, talking about something that's real, reliving a history that needs to be passed on to our children about manslaughter and lies in 2020, 21, and 22.
Millions of Americans being killed, not by a virus, not by a gain of function, but by lies, by orchestrated liars.
a particularly conservative outlet.
But once you start reading its articles, the pronounced theme that starts to emerge is, the left has gone too far.
Basically, whatever issue you feel like that is true for, Israel, campus politics, DEI or police reform, you'll find articles there to reinforce that opinion.
And look, I'm not saying the left never goes too far or that it's immune from criticism at all.
But it can sometimes feel like the free press's conclusions can get out ahead of its evidence, which brings us to the fact that some of its pieces can be pretty poorly fact-checked and in ways that feel important.
And let's look at three key examples.
Now, he's going to now, of course, show you that the free press has been pretty sloppy.
Again, another odd thing to be if you're worth $150 million.
It's another odd thing to be if you're gonna be promoted to the chief editor of a large news organization.
It's an odd thing to be so easily pointed out that 60 Minutes is gonna miss it.
That Democracy Now missed it.
Because they didn't do any investigation at all, they just accepted the script that they are given.
This guy's also accepting the script that he's given, because he doesn't do his own work.
He's got a staff too, of course, you know that.
one of its biggest splashes, this article, I Thought I Was Saving Trans Kids, Now I'm Blowing the Whistle.
It's an account by Jamie Reid, who'd worked as a case worker at the Washington University Transgender Center.
Her piece claims that the clinic was harming patients by, among other things, routinely approving adolescents for medical transitions without proper mental health assessments, calling its work morally and medically appalling.
Now, that story, understandably, got a ton of attention, including from public officials, which prompted Weister Goh and Megyn Kelly's podcast to take something of a victory lap.
The day after the piece published, I've never seen such a sort of rapid reaction to a piece of journalism, Missouri's Attorney General announced an investigation into the gender clinic.
The reason that this story was especially important and gratifying for us
to have substantiated was because it's exactly the kind of story that we exist to pursue.
It's exactly the kind of morally naughty story in which journalists avoid pursuing it because they know they will be punished or smeared for doing so.
That is why the free press exists.
Wow, that is an exceptional amount of self-congratulation, and the bar was already set at the Jerry Maguire moment heard around the world.
But she is right.
The state AG apparently found that article to borrow a term, ribbiting, because they soon announced an investigation into the center, and it ultimately stopped treating minors, with Reid's claims even being used to help justify a statewide ban on gender-affirming care for them.
So it did have real impact.
which is what makes it so awkward, that when Washington University conducted its own investigation, they found that allegations of substandard care causing adverse outcomes for patients at the center were unsubstantiated.
And when other outlets reported the story out again and again, their findings did not match what the free press published.
First is the St.
Louis Post-Dispatch found dozens of former patients and parents at the clinic who told them their experiences sharply contradicted the examples supplied by Reed.
NBC spent two months reaching out to nearly 40 people associated with the center and got the same result with patients and parents saying the care they received was thorough and slow.
And the Missouri Independent found parents who told them any treatments their kids received were only undertaken after long consultations with doctors and mental health professionals and often... These are all scripted frauds, ladies and gentlemen.
They're all on a national security script.
You know they eat
Babies that is not bullshit It's true you have to accept the dogs and the cats not just the pets.
It's all a script It's not just the dogs and the cats
They're full on vampires and everybody still thinks I'm crazy, but I'm not crazy.
I think one of the easiest ways to see it is to try and look at their track record and their lack of intellectual progress throughout the pandemic and before.
I think you can see these health fake freedom frauds for the lack of progress that they make for their limited spectrum of debate with regard to, I don't know, I'm a mitochondria person or I'm a microbiome person, but they don't make progress.
They don't learn anything, even though there's plenty to learn and there's plenty of irreducible complexity to be able to adequately describe and enunciate and outline.
And yet none of these people were ever able to do it.
That's because they are on a national security script.
The fake health freedom movement, they're all part of this illusion.
and they're all part of managing a population pyramid with murder and lies because this is for all the marbles, this is for the grandchildren of Earth.
They want us to turn over our sovereignty willingly through fear and coercion and that's the reason why Elon, Jeff, Peter, Alex, Mark, Bobby and Donnie are so ridiculous, that's for sure.
And even this little Shaun the Sheep can see it.
They are traitorous talking heads.
They are Max Headroom from hell.
And the reason why they're doing this is because of bad biology.
They've got to protect it.
What they thought was going to be done in a couple decades back in 1950 is not even close to done.
The irreducibly complex problem of heredity and genetics has not been solved in the simplest of examples.
and therefore is not going to be solved in one of the most complex examples that of the human being.
And so this human genome project is just started.
The data collection is just being iterated, just being tested because the infrastructure is necessary to store such a data set have just been assembled.
And so the interface between genetic data and medical data is already going to be one of these tasks that they are going to employ AI to try and crack.
has another iteration, chest, then go, then this, then that.
Protein folding is not solved, otherwise they would have already figured out how prions work by now.
But I guess, even though they have Google Fold, they haven't been able to figure out the simple way that prions, I guess only one molecule's enough to hurt you.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the culmination of a long con, and the people on the internet that are involved in this long con can't quit.
They can't stop.
That's the reason why it's as ugly as it is right now.
They cannot stop.
Ladies and gentlemen, PeerTube is the way out.
Chief Wuhan actually says that PeerTube is the antidote.
If you haven't already, download PeerTube, the app, and then put in stream.gigaohm.bio as your PeerTube platform, and everything that I do will be available to you on your phone with no
log in with no data being shared.
It is the only alternative to social media that isn't this corporate government data collection bullshit.
In case you're not aware, intramuscular injections, a dumb idea from the late 1800s, transfection in healthy humans is a crime.
RNA cannot pandemic and autism is a meaningless word by design.
You're going to have a hard time finding anybody else on the internet with the capability, with the intellectual background and the
and has put in the necessary work to be able to state things as clearly as we do here at GigaOM Biological.
Please keep in mind that this, for example, is one of the wonderful admissions that we have going on right now.
Up there in the corner,
is a fella who I originally streamed with back in 2020 when I was still employed at the University of Pittsburgh.
He is an associate of Robert Malone, Steve Kirsch, and George Webb.
George Webb is that infamous guy on 60 Minutes in February about the Wuhan Games.
George Webb is a complete fraud, but he is intimately associated with the orchestrators of this conservative social media bamboozlement that occurred during 2020, 2021, and 2022 about the lab leak, about PCR.
How about the Omicron variant?
Everything that got the health freedom movement moving in the direction that was directly behind Children's Health Defense and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And that was by design.
And anybody that was looking for that door would have found it.
And one of the people that they might have found on the darkest corners of the internet was that guy right there, Kevin McCairn, who was recruited specifically to deal with me.
because he's a neuroscientist with a neuroscience record on PubMed and actually worked with one of the people who was now a faculty member at the University of Pittsburgh.
And so he could call me up in 2020 and claim that he was doing live streams and he noticed my work on YouTube and we have a guy in common.
because I did a postdoc with a guy who works in your department now.
Oh, wow, that's crazy.
Well, I should do a stream with you.
And so for five weekends in a row, I streamed with three George Webb associates that I thought were just three random guys on the internet trying to see through the illusion.
when in reality they were part of this internet clown show that would be there to control a narrative about a worst case scenario that was a lab leak with a toxic spike protein so that the fundamental truth about transfection would be under the control of these clowns.
This guy came to my house three years later in 2022 and I probably should have done something to him then.
But he's such a small potatoes player.
but he actually claims to be the guy that gave the unopened, sealed vials of mRNA vaccine to Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project that provided him with the chain of custody to say that he tested unmolested vials.
This guy who Steve Kirsch wanted to send me to Japan to work on mouse experiments in 2022.
This guy who had Charles Rixey sleep at his house for like a half a year in Japan.
Charles Rixey also came to my house about a month after Kevin McKernan was on my stream in 2021.
I have been the victim of a very elaborate hoax that ultimately connects itself to Steve Bannon and Gavin DeBecker and Robert Malone and Brian Hooker and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And I think at least some of these people are guilty of interfering with my ability to make a living as an American citizen, interfering with the function of my business, the ability for me to perform as a professional on purpose.
They deceived me and my family with text messages and emails.
I think there's a case here.
And they coordinated with international people, including the 100,000 Genomes Project director or senior pathologist, Claire Craig, who was on the original Corman-Jorston paper that has Mike Eden and Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig and Thomas Binder, all who would go on to be very influential people on X and on the alternative social media throughout the worst case scenario times.
and they're still talking about each other today.
This clown, this absolute waste of human space, is still wasting his time not talking about me anymore because that would reveal that he is just a stooge.
So instead he's doing what he's scripted to do and talking about these people who are the exact same people that are behind CHD, behind Hart, behind Brownstone, behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
The entire health freedom movement around the world has been faked on social media.
Claire Craig is one of the biggest fakes.
Along with, who else is he watching?
The Campbell guy.
And the three of them are talking about Marc Girardeau, another fake person from the Panda Organization.
who all of whom I was calling out as fake in 2022.
But now we're in October of 2025 and this scripted fraud on the same team has Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan, who are ultimately behind Merrill Nass and Mary Holland at CHD, is now agreeing to talk about the same shitheads.
and say that they stole some of my data, but I'm ultimately the one that gave the DNA to Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project and showed the DNA contamination, which I'm sure in the next year or so will become more and more mainstream in a small section of the people on the internet that are still convinced that they have some grip on reality, which they don't.
has gone on.
And if you get the big ones, then probably less likely to end up in a vessel unless it's injected directly into a vessel, which can happen.
So Mark Girard has done a lot of work on this.
Do you know his bonus theory?
Fuck that frog cunt.
He took my data and just fucking didn't even give attribution and just wrapped it into fucking nonsense.
But the bonus theory.
I was saying that when Marc Giraudeau was first promoted by Panda, when I was still in the organization and still thought that Nick Hudson was okay, still thought that Jessica Hockett was okay, still thought that Jonathan Engler, also of heart, was okay.
That is three years ago, and we're supposed to believe that this fat, scripted clown is now just getting around to saying that Marc Giraudeau is a fake.
No, it's because the script took that long.
It's because this scripted clown show took that long, and now all three of these people, like it or not, agree that Marc Giraudeau's idea is worth talking about, and even he is gonna say the words intramuscular injection without ever telling you
that the truth of intramuscular injection for augmenting the immune system is found in the organization of the immune system itself instead he's going to tell you that lipid nanoparticles can carry prions to your brain whether it hits a vessel or not and that makes him a liar it makes him a piece of shit it makes him a traitor to my kids and it makes him a criminal right the intramuscular off that paper that i just brought up
is enough to get those particles into the brain.
Of course, if you put it directly into a vessel, you'll get more going up there, but in terms of amyloids, it doesn't matter, right?
There is no safe working dose.
None.
And so he's been on the internet for six years saying that.
He's made no intellectual, intellectual progress since him and Walter Chestnut talked about this shit in 2021.
He's made no intellectual progress on this since Jessica Rose wrote a spike protein amyloidosis substack back in 2021.
These people belong in jail.
Jessica Rose is a criminal.
Kevin McCairn is a criminal.
The fact that Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCairn were both on Steve Kirsch's podcast last year makes them criminals and it makes them admittedly part of the same team of fraudulent criminals behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and CHD and therefore American criminals.
consider it like asbestos.
When you inject into a muscle, you're putting in a liquid into a space where there wasn't a space.
So you have a high pressure balloon of liquid.
And when the needle goes in... Think about how absurd it is that after six years of me trying to say that it's about the organization of the immune system and intramuscular injections, just dumb, not even knowing that Brandy Vaughn died saying the same thing before the pandemic, that they're still unable to say it as a doctor and a nurse
and a PhD they all can't get there and he's just going to vape right through it.
You will break small vessels with the needle so depending how near that needle is to the high pressure balloon of liquid you're going to get a different dose entering the vessel.
Just bolus theory just doesn't look yes there's some damage but to say that it's everything doesn't account for the
the symptom profiles that we see which is micro clotting from the microscopic level to the macro and that macro level can be tens of centimeters to tens of grams
So it's operating across orders of magnitude greater.
But plugging it as the only issue at hand, I'm afraid, is... Now I understand that nobody watches him.
What I want you to show you is that he can't stop.
If he stops, they admit that he's always been a fraud.
That's essentially what's happened with Charles Rixey.
By pulling Charles Rixey off the playing field, they have admitted that Charles Rixey is a fraud.
that Kevin McKernan going on the Danny Jones podcast in November of 2024 and saying that he helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write that book was a national security lie because my name's in the book.
Because I know that Charles Rixey was fired during the writing of that book.
Fraudulently, fake fired, but still he was fake fired.
And at the time I thought it was real.
And that guy and Charles spent the next two years telling everybody that would listen on Rumble that I was a liar.
that I got Charlie fired, but Charles Rixey is a fraud.
He's a fraud that probably works for the State Department, the same probably who pays him, probably who paid her, NATO, State Department, probably working for the DOE and the Human Genome Project, which is in the DOE, you know, the same place where Nukes is.
This is all one shitty malevolent show of American traitors and international traitors that have manipulated Americans into believing that the worst case scenario was possible or happened.
And these people belong in jail.
And I'm one of the only people that can testify.
The only people that's got the text messages, the only people that knows what that fat shit smells like.
Because I took the time to sit in a bar with him in Pittsburgh.
I didn't let him come to my house.
But he drove to Pittsburgh to see me in 2022 when he knew I already thought he was a fraud.
And we never talked about anything in that bar that was worth talking about because he knew I already knew he was a fraud.
That's how scared they were in 2022.
They tried, they tried.
That's how scared they were in 2023.
They tried.
They put me in the book.
They hired me at CHD and I argued with them and I called them frauds in their own fricking Zoom meetings.
I called them frauds on my podcast while I was getting paid from them.
I didn't care.
I wasn't afraid because I believe what I say.
I believe that intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s and might be responsible for harming a lot of people in the last 50 or 100 years.
I believe that with all my heart, and I believe it so much so that I'm sure the national security state would put shitheads out there that would never be able to explain that to you with an adequate enough nuance so that you could get there.
And instead would say stupid things, you know, like vaccines cause autism or it must be the adjuvants like thimerosal or, uh, or aluminum.
And he's one of them.
She's one of them.
Campbell's one of them.
Giordano's one of them.
McKernan's one of them.
Malone is one of them.
The entire Barrington declaration is one of them.
Jay Bhattacharya is one of them.
I know because I tried my best to work with them.
as naive as that sounds.
It's gaslighting public right now.
It better get fucking better, Claire, from here.
It can be that the whole thing just gets squeezed right in.
He's going to give her a chance to get better?
Why?
Because she's part of the same scripted theatre that he's a part of, albeit he is a much lower on the rung.
He was never able to really herd any cats that were meaningful.
His main job was to herd me, to distract me, to upset me, and he's failed.
He's now only thing he is in his existence is a collective admission of guilt.
His existence, his connections to Kirsch and McKernan connect him directly to Robert Malone.
His connections to George Webb connect him directly to Robert Malone, which means he is part of a national security operation loosely associated with the DOE and DITRA because Robert Malone is loosely associated with the DOE and DITRA.
And certainly because of Kevin McKernan also being behind the scenes at Children's Health Defense, there's no reason not to assume that these organizations are wholly part of the show.
Sabotaged.
Any parents that are in those organizations are being fooled by these assholes.
It's not political 5D chess, it's just a national security operation that involves actors on other continents being shown to Americans because their goofy glasses and their shitty English accents are convincing.
Or it can be that it's diffused over a slower time.
And I guess the size of the different nanoparticles might
alter what gets into the vessel as well.
I don't know what scale I'm on when I'm saying that, I might be wrong.
But people as well, many videos I've seen of people giving these injections, they seem to take a pride in how quickly they can do it and how painless it is.
And of course, the more quickly you squirt it in, the higher the pressure is going to be and the more small blood vessels you're going to disrupt.
That's right.
And I mean, the thing that about Mark's work, really, the thing that sort of really hits home with me is when he's looking at studies from a long time ago, because this is something that's really, you know, there was a huge amount of research on.
And so that kind of idea around pulling back on the syringe before you plunge it all in and whereabouts in the arm you should be aiming to get to increase the level of safety.
Can you imagine that they think that it's all a physical phenomenon, and if the physical phenomenon is correct, then the toxicity or the danger or the ridiculousness of intramuscular injection goes away.
That's how stupid this script is, and that's how stupid these people have to be.
They think you're that dumb.
could be was because they knew it was a problem for decades.
In the 1950s, it was well established that 2% of people will have a deltoid injection hit a vessel with negative consequences.
So if you're going to accept 2% negative consequences, you need to have a very, very large benefit to outweigh that risk.
You know, don't tell anyone this, Claire, but in 1975, my charge nurse told me how to find out the gluteus maximus, how to stick the needle in and how to draw back.
And this was ingrained into us like drill, stick the needle in, stabilise it, draw back and only then inject if you're not getting any blood.
And yet, for some reason, these guidelines were changed.
It's just inexplicable to me that all of the vaccine injections that are now being given are being given wrong because people aren't aspirating.
I mean, but realistically, the people who were injecting in those vaccine centers weren't qualified nurses.
Ultimately, what we're doing is is misconstruing the known and expected damage from intramuscular transfection.
We are misconstruing it as a combination of mechanical
and protein-based toxicity, i.e.
specific toxicity in the spike protein, specific toxicity in the lipid nanoparticle or in the large conglomerates of lipid nanoparticles, or in the high-pressure injection.
Nothing about the biological ridiculousness of transfecting someone and expressing a protein in random cells throughout the body, even if that's not possible on a great large scale, still the attempt is already stupid,
And yet these people are decades away, it seems, from questioning that part of it.
And it's by script.
For years, I've worked with qualified nurses who have told me that you don't need to aspirate when you're giving vaccines.
I mean, I did, but, you know, the qualified staff are actually being taught the wrong thing by the National Guidelines.
It's rather bizarre.
yeah yeah yeah that is bizarre yeah it is so so basically what we're talking about so far we haven't even started it's a global disaster but it's cool you know we can just kind of chat about it it's no big deal no no tears are necessary no no it's not really a big deal you know just you know not talking about the the mRNA yet all of these complications would occur purely because of giving these foreign lipid nanoparticles
Here come some nice cartoons of course that will explain everything very thoroughly because cartoons are the way that adults learn.
Absolutely nothing inside them.
Well, that's right.
And so lipid nanoparticles were worked up originally for gene therapy, right?
So there's this idea that, you know, if you've got a child usually, but you know, some of them are adults.
Worked up for gene therapy.
They were worked up for everything.
We've been using lipid nanoparticles on the bench to transfect things for decades.
This is a lie.
Ladies and gentlemen, I got to go to the gym because we've got a special clinic today.
So I'm going to end it early, but I will be on every day this week.
You can count on it.
I'll be either 10, 10 or 11, 11.
Thanks very much for being here.
I'm going to cut it really short, really fast.
Remember, this is just an admission.
This is just an admission because, look, these people...
This whole map here, this is all scripted traders.
And more importantly, the people on the bottom are all auditioning to climb higher and higher in the podcast hierarchy so that they can herd even more cats.
And so if you're auditioning on this level, you might have a reasonable sub stack until you get to this level.
And then you might have an LLC or a staff, and then you might get to this level where you'll get a show or maybe you'll get elected or something like that.
And all of these people are auditioning scripted, scripted traders.
They're all absolutely part of the shit show.
And the only way that you, you could possibly doubt it, could possibly doubt it if you close your eyes, because look what they're doing right now.
How is it even possible?
How is it even possible that this was last week?
heard nothing yet.
Please introduce the one, the only, Dr. Peter McCullough.
This is called Blue Star 2.0 and it is a bible-centered astronomy course.
What is going on here?
What is happening?
I'm done.
You can take him if you want, I guess.
Go ahead.
Thank you so much, and thanks to each and every one of you for attending.
This is a spectacular venue, and I've learned... They cannot stop.
If they stop, they admit that they are illegitimate, right?
Because if you believe what you say you believe, then...
Thousands if not hundreds of thousands of humans have been injured by this bioweapon He can't stop He's just going to more and more irrelevant corners of the internet and more and more isolated groups of people Because that's the way this works.
That's the way fifth-generation warfare works.
I I know that this wasn't my best stream and
But I just wanted to get started again.
Sometimes it's just hard to even get the momentum to hit the button again.
So thanks for your patience.
Thanks for being here.
And I will see you again tomorrow.
And that's not a light thing I'm saying.
I'll be on for sure.
Thanks for being here.
And I'll see you again soon.
Yeah, let's just do that.
That's the timeline that you need to know.
That's the timeline you need to pay attention to.
And you need to put everybody's history in.
Because in the context of my intellectual progression, I think I have an unblemished record of integrity.
And I think a lot of these people have exactly the opposite.
Thanks for being here.
See you again tomorrow.
Yeah.